There is a family near Salisburg that needs a governess until September.
September?
To take care of seven children
Seven children?
Come out of that water at once!
Do you like children, Maria?
Oh, yes but seven!
I will tell Captain Von Trapp to expect you tomorrow.
Captain?
A retired officer of the Imperial Navy
a fine man and a brave one.
Tell me, do you think the Captain would bring more material if I ask him?
How many dresses does a governess need?
Not for me, for the children.
The Von Trapp children don't play, they march.
- But they‘re children!
- Yes.
And I'm their father.
Goodnight.
Do you mean to tell me that my children have been roaming about Salzburg dressed up in nothing but some old drapes?
And having a marvellous time!
Fraulein, are you this much trouble at the Abby?
Oh, much more, Sir
Why did they send you back to us?
They didn't send me back, Mother, I left.
Is it true fraulein Maria isn‘t coming back?
I can‘t face him again.
There's nothing more irresistible to a man than a woman who‘s in love with him.
In love with him?
Of course. What makes it so nice is he thinks he's in love with you.
There were times when we would look at each other...
Oh, Mother, I could hardly breathe
Are you in love with him?
I never felt that way before.
Maria.
You have to live the life you were born to live.
Somewhere out there there‘s a young lady who I think will never be a nun
I want to make them some play clothes